Document how we handle stale tickets and PRs (#21)
nextcloud/groupware: processes/stale_issues_and_prs.md

Those tickets will then either receive more activity, e.g. because the requested info is provided or more people chime in to report their findings. In that case the maintainer can relabel the issue from `0. to triage` to `1. to develop`.

Other tickets might never get updated again. This happens for bug reports that are incomplete or not reproducible. Also feature requests tend to be silent if there is little to no interest by other people.

Automation will comment on those stale issues, so that the maintainer can have a second look. Then we can decide if the ticket is valid and should get relabeled, or closed otherwise.

In the rare case that a ticket is not updated by anyone we will close it after a long grace period. This still doesn't mean the ticket can't be reconsidered. Maintainers can reopen at any time and relabel accordingly.

## Automation

* Runs daily at 3:00AM
* Tickets
  * Marked as stale if
    1. Hasn't received any update in three weeks
    2. Does not have any status label (to develop, developing, review) assigned. So this is either still to triage or doesn't have any tags at all

>   * A comment is left for the main repo owner to please triage the ticket

Reviewer: when does this step happen?

Author: I hope it's clearer now

* Pull requests
  * Stale after a week

>     * A comment is left for the mani repo maintainer to please have a look

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * A comment is left for the main repo maintainer to please have a look
```

  * Closed after half a year of no activity

```yml
name: 'Close stale issues and PRs'
on:
  workflow_dispatch:
  schedule:
    - cron: '0 3 * * *'

jobs:
  stale:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: actions/stale@v4
        with:
          # Issues
          days-before-issue-stale: 21
          days-before-issue-close: 35
          stale-issue-label: 'stale'
          stale-issue-message: 'This ticket had no activity recently. @ChristophWurst please adjust the labels if this ticket should stay open and close it otherwise. [Learn more about the stale process](https://github.com/nextcloud/groupware/blob/main/processes/stale_issues_and_prs.md)'

>           close-issue-message: 'This ticket had no activity for a while, so we close it. If there was information missing on a bug report, we can re-open once the info is provided. [Learn more about the stale process](https://github.com/nextcloud/groupware/blob/main/processes/stale_issues_and_prs.md)'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
          close-issue-message: 'This ticket has had no activity for a while, so we are closing it. If this is due to information missing on a bug report, we can re-open the ticket once the info is provided. [Learn more about the stale process](https://github.com/nextcloud/groupware/blob/main/processes/stale_issues_and_prs.md)'
```

          exempt-issue-labels: '1. to develop,2. developing,3. to review,4. to release'
          # PRs
          days-before-pr-stale: 7
          days-before-pr-close: 180
          stale-pr-label: 'stale'
          stale-pr-message: 'This pull request needs attention. @ChristophWurst have a look please! [Learn more about the stale process](https://github.com/nextcloud/groupware/blob/main/processes/stale_issues_and_prs.md)'

>           close-pr-message: 'This pull request has had no activity for a while, so we are closing it. If the changes are still applicable and should be integrated, please get in contact with the maintainers, they can reopen. [Learn more about the stale process](https://github.com/nextcloud/groupware/blob/main/processes/stale_issues_and_prs.md)'

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
          close-pr-message: 'This pull request has had no activity for a while, so we are closing it. If the changes are still applicable and should be integrated, please get in contact with the maintainers, so they can reopen. [Learn more about the stale process](https://github.com/nextcloud/groupware/blob/main/processes/stale_issues_and_prs.md)'
```
